= Shorty

shorty makes interfacing with url shortening services easy, so far the following are supported:
- http://bit.ly
- http://tr.im - only URL API implemented, not media ones
- http://is.gd
- http://tinyurl.com
- http://cli.gs - only shorten implemented, expand not
- http://twurl.nl
- http://su.pr

== Install

  sudo gem install shorty

== Usage

Yeah just read the rdocs. But to get started, make sure the gem is installed. Require:

  require 'shorty'

or with Rails:

  config.gem 'shorty'

== Possible Additions

- http://ow.ly - currently no API, says it is coming soon

== Other Possible Gems

- http://post.ly - Not really a shortener
- http://ping.fm - Not really a shortener
- http://ff.im - Not a shortener either
- http://yfrog.com - Not a shortener, maybe expand this gem or a media gem. API docs: http://code.google.com/p/imageshackapi
- http://twitpic.com - Same as yfrog. API docs: http://twitpic.com/api.do

== Other Ideas

* Possibly use OpenStruct to make data access easier
* Possibly set a user agent using

    class Foo
      include HTTParty
      headers 'Accept' => 'text/html'
    end

* Also possibly create a command line app
* Any other ideas create an issue and start the title with [feature]

== Contributing

I invite anyone who wants to help to fork and then when you've made your changes, send me a pull request. I'd love to keep everything central.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Alex Coomans
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
